Create pull_request_template.md (#153)
TheAlgorithms/Javascript: .github/pull_request_template.md

* [ ] I have read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/TheAlgorithms/Javascript/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).
* [ ] This pull request is all my own work -- I have not plagiarized.
* [ ] I know that pull requests will not be merged if they fail the automated tests.
* [ ] This PR only changes one algorithm file. To ease review, please open separate PRs for separate algorithms.
* [ ] All new Javascript files are placed inside an existing directory.

> * [ ] All filenames follow kebab-case style.There should be no spaces in filenames.<br/>

Author: Is this ok, @cclauss

> * [ ] All filenames follow kebab-case style.There should be no spaces in filenames.<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] All filenames should use the UpperCamelCase style.  There should be no spaces in filenames.<br/>
```

>      **Example:**`UserProfile.js` is allowed but `userprofile.js`,`Userprofile.js`,`user-Profile.js`,`userProfile.js` are not

Author: is this ok, @cclauss

Reviewer: https://www.theatlantic.com/science/archive/2018/05/two-spaces-after-a-period/559304/ ;-)
